What did I do?
I cured the old lady of rheumatism
That's for all to see.
You are slandering me
Are you?
What to say as a doctor
capable
You don't raise your clothes with thorns
Instead, pollute the doctor here
Young man, you don't report it.
Don't report it, it's crooked.
Sir, do you really think your illness is good?
Certainly.
Not to mention that Zhang Ji is Doctor Zhang
lad
Why don't you study a few more years before you come out?
Haha, did you hear it?
Ouch, hurry up and get out
I don't welcome you.
You welcome me and I don't want to come
I wouldn't be here if you hadn't hurt people today
You do this as a doctor
You can't spare me. Don't you understand?
I told you.
I'm fine.
My own body, I don't know.
Sir, with all due respect
Your feeling is wrong.
What's wrong?